# Bio
I am a self-motivated, career-focused and devoted student. I home a soul within that is totally devoted to honesty, the ethical side of living, truthfulness, trustworthiness, self-control. I believe that, if you are genuinely fascinated to embrace your dreams and if you dedicate your time and wisdom to it, it will set you apart and let you achieve what you deserve. I always look for the innovative and perceptive side of me. I am open-minded but sometimes get fueled with a fierce passion of jealousy that makes me successful. I embrace that intensity and put it to work to better the world.

I have an immense passion for science and technology. My love for technology arose ever since my dad bought me a laptop when I was a toddler with eyes to crack-open everything to quench the thirst of my curiosity. The nostalgia of my excitement still flashes in my mind to date, which is what made me so compassionate about technology that led me to choose Bachelor In Information Technology as my career driver. Furthermore, I excel at website designing and development. I have been a web designer at one of the leading web service providing team in Pokhara, Nepal named Afno Software. 

The knowledge I achieved to date, and those on my way will undoubtedly assist me in embracing my dreams. I am on the verge of developing a vivid vision of my goals at this point of life that I started shaping since my early days. I want to make the full usage of the innovative skills in the computing sector that I am gifted with and grew up polishing that very skill throughout my life. I want to bring about the change we all are craving for.
